SeHackEd version 0.4
Modified by Mike Fredericks, chohatsu@yahoo.com
Thanks to Janis Legzdinsh for offsets and more, http://www.vavoom-engine.com
Thanks to Randy Heit for cheat code offsets, http://zdoom.org
based on DeHackEd version 3.0a
Written by Greg Lewis, gregl@umich.edu
If you release any versions of this code, please include
the author(s) in the credits.  Give credit where credit is due!


SeHackEd is a version of DeHackEd modified to work with Strife.

This source code from SHE04SRC.zip is the normal version of SeHackEd.
S1H04SRC.zip is the source code of the S1Hack version for modifying Strife
v1.1.


Under the hood it's not clean as it should probably be.  I didn't want to
completely gut areas such as code pointers and misc info which I simply don't
have the information I need to get them to work at the moment.  As of v0.4 I
have commented out a lot of unused stuff and eliminated warnings, so at least
it is a bit cleaner even if it doesn't look so pretty how I have stuff
commented out.


Known issues and their sources:

I had trouble getting it so all you can edit every single thing.  About a
dozen unknowns at the end were treated like clipboards so I added more
clipboards to "fix" it.  I don't know what the source of the problem is and
the tradeoff of the fix is there is one thing called "Do not edit" that you
should not edit.  See sehacked.txt for more details.

The ammo per item settings are always detected as changed even though they
stay correct.  This results in them always being in a SEH patch you save.
Originally the ammo per item settings were mixed up, but I fixed them.

I'm not sure if this still happens and it probably doesn't happen anymore but
Sprite 1's offset (for PNCH) may get changed every once in a while.  Simply
change its value back to -111112 to fix it.  Or delete the change from a SEH
file.  I have no idea where this is coming from.

Sound playback doesn't work right.  I suspect it's something to do with the
compiler I'm using.  I had the same problem  when I compiled the unmodified
DeHackEd v3.0a source.  But when I use the released version of DeHackEd v3.0a
or any released version of DeHackEd the sound plays fine.


You can obviously spot which files are modified by seeing that their dates
are a lot more recent.  They also start with new comments.  To find what
changes I made simply search for this
text:
// Changed


You can always look at the original Dehacked source files to see how they
were before.

You can find them at
http://www.yossman.net/~tree/_doom.html


The sehacked source is available at
http://doomworld.com/sehacked


Exile gave me some helpful info -

"It's possible to compile the DeHackEd 3.0 sources with Borland Turbo C++ 3.0
too. You can find that compiler here:

http://vaibhavweb.tripod.com
or
http://www.geocities.com/serra194/download.html
if the other one doesnt work.

Just extract all the zips into one dir and run the install program. Then fire
up a DOS box and go to the directory of the source code. Then run the
tc\bin\tc.exe file (depends on where you installed TCPP). It should load the
dehacked.prj file automatically. Set the paths to the TCPP \include and \lib
directories by going to 'Options -> Directories'. Then just do a
'Compile -> Build all' to produce the orignal DeHackEd executable."


I have a tc.bat file in with the SeHackEd source to run the compiler.

You can visit Exile's Doom page at
http://home.tiscali.nl/dennis.meuwissen
and get his WhackEd2 editor at
http://www.whacked.daniel-carroll.co.uk


Original note.txt by Greg Lewis below
-------------------------------------

  To anyone who may be viewing/changing this source code:

  I put a bunch of work into this, so if you are going to go about changing
it, I ask that you let me know about it.  If you have your hands on the code,
you've probably already gotten in touch with me, but if not, please let me
know.  My email address is in all the source files.

  On a related note, I'd appreciate credit in any releases using this code.
I've done a lot of work, and believe I deserve credit in any programs using
some or any of this code.  I don't plan on releasing any more versions of
DeHackEd, so go ahead, tweak/change/modify and release it if you wish.

  And (this one should be obvious) don't change the checks for registered
Doom.  Since DeHackEd is already pressing the line on legality (technically
it's against Id's copyright) they might get pretty ticked off if they found
a shareware-modifying version floating around.  'nuff said.

  The code should be fairly consistent.  Each C file has a header that lists
all the function prototypes, plus other functions that the code calls.  The
DEHACKED.H file contains global #defines and enums.  Functions should be
split up fairly consistently among the various source files, i.e., anything
dealing with patch files is in FILES.CPP, low-level screen accessing
functions are in SCREEN.CPP, etc.

  DeHackEd was compiled with Borland C++ 3.1.

  Thanks!
						Greg Lewis
						gregl@umich.edu

-------------------------------------
end of original note.txt

  SeHackEd was compiled with Borland Turbo C++ 3.0.

						Mike Fredericks
						chohatsu@yahoo.com


